The following programme contains
strong language and violent scenes.
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
All you had to do was
pick up the phone and tell us
you were still breathing.
I didn't even know you were alive.
The money. the gangs.
I'm taking it all back.
Thought I'd be
higher up your kill list.
You and I want the same thing.
So. either help me or fuck off.
Go on then...
The Wallaces
stood on our shoulders
and wanted our thanks for it.
They used you. Dad.
For years. but not anymore.
London belongs to us now.
We're offering you a piece of it.
I will not work with a man
who helped kill my son.
If you want what you claim.
you must be prepared to do
everything without fear.
without care.
I'm sorry.
I will not fight for a London
where Sean comes out on top.
Sean won't be at the top. We will.
You wish he'd never
come back at all.
They killed my dad! Sean did this.
I know how you can get to Sean.
Don't lie to me. Mum.
What did you do?
It's power or family.
You can't have both...
I'm gonna make you watch.
Sean Wallace.
I'm gonna take
everything you ever built.
Your power...
Your people...
And I'm gonna replace you.
Yep... Come on.
Yippee!
Are you OK. Mummy?
Yeah. of course...
Mum?
Faster.
Faster! Fucking faster!
Faster! Faster!
Car! Car! Car! Car!
Stop the car!
Stop the fucking car now!
I'm warning you!
Oh. God... Pull over!
Ram this bitch off the road.
It's OK. Samuel.
Hold on! Samuel. hold on.
I'm warning you... Fuck this!
Closer!
Mum!
Samuel. hold on!
Keep your head down Samuel!
Mum!
Hit her!
Are they coming back. Mummy?
They're gone. It's OK.
The person you are
calling is unable to take your call.
Help me...
Help me. Please help me.
Please. Please.
Pl-Please.
Please...
Samuel...
M-Mum?
I'm so sorry.
Hey. guys.
- All good?
- Yeah. This is yours.
Faz? Yo...
So. what was the delay?
Driver said there was
traffic at the port.
But it's here now. anyway.
And half's already gone out.
It's all good.
I'll shift these now.
See you in a bit.
Sorry I'm late.
Yeah. well. they're here already.
Come on...
So... you're the "cop"?
Ex-cop.
How does that work?
Seems like a big change of mind.
Do you really think we'd be working
with Elliot if we had any doubts?
We're supplying all of London.
No one's complaining.
Listen. I don't speak Korean.
and if you don't wanna do business.
then you're welcome to leave.
OK. OK.
What is your rate?
Nineteen and a half.
That's more than we're paying now.
Cos you're paying for shit.
I guarantee 80% purity.
Now I know you're lying.
Well. if you don't believe me-
Woah. woah. woah...
Take it easy.
Quantity's not a problem.
We can get you as much as you need.
Mm...
Boss? Boss?
What the fuck have you done?
Don't move!
I know what it looks like.
but you're wrong.
Everyone just calm down!
Don't fucking tempt me.
Listen. Be easy.
I don't know what's happened
to your boss. but that's not us. OK?
Elliot?
Elliot. you need to see this.
Shannon. go! Go!
What's going on?
Hey. hey. are you alright?
Jesus Christ.
Somebody help her up...
Are you alright?
This is weird.
Good evening. Liam. Mrs Wallace.
Aw.
I appreciate you coming here.
People are worried. Marian.
Sean's due in court this week
and there is all kind of
different stories going around.
They are saying that...
he's going to turn some of us in...
in exchange for a lighter sentence.
You know as much about
Sean's intentions as I do.
He knows a lot about my business.
About all of us. no?
Hm. Including me.
You're different. you're his family.
I don't know what
you want me to say. Luan.
Something reassuring.
I haven't spoken to Sean
since he was arrested.
I have no idea what
he's planning to do...
It's your turn!
Oh... Oh-ho!
I...
got you a present. Elly.
Maybe you can
go and visit him. or...
make sure he doesn't betray us.
Marian...
No.
Well this is in
everyone's interest. no?
I said no.
We're about to do the cake.
Just one minute. please. No.
We agreed. "no work tonight".
One minute.
I'm coming. please.
Daddy! Mum. It's Elly...
Elly...
What happened?
She just collapsed.
Did she take something?
Simone?
OK. OK. I'm coming!
What?
Look it's. um. quite hard to give
any accurate numbers at the moment
because it's coming in
from hospitals.
police. boroughs all over London.
It's a developing situation.
What we can say for sure
is that so far we have
over 300 fatalities.
but that figure's bound to rise.
I'm sorry. this is all from cocaine?
Yeah. Apparently.
there was a poisoned batch.
Are you ready for this?
Mayor. over here! Mayor!
Before I address any questions...
I would like to say that
my thoughts and my prayers
are with the victims
of tonight's events.
And this is a tragedy for them...
for their families
and for their loved ones...
But it's also a tragedy for London.
And one that has been coming
for a long time.
And there is no doubt
in my mind that the blame
for all of this lies squarely at
the feet of the criminal gangs.
See. this is what happens
when organised crime gangs
are allowed to prosper
without fear of consequence.
Well. no more.
I promise you that I will use
every single resource available
to me to rid London of these gangs.
Well?
Shit...
It's happening all over London.
Do we know what caused this?
Fentanyl. There are high traces
of it in everything we've tested.
Is this a fuck up our end? No.
It's even in packages
we hadn't opened yet.
Well. it has to be
the Bolivians then.
- They're adamant it was clean when.
- It left them. - Do we trust them?
Well. someone's done this
deliberately to fuck us up!
Yeah. but who though?
Marian. Luan. the Kurds...
If you wanted to move against us.
you'd weaken us first. like this.
Our associates want a meeting.
Saba!
Call Faz. tell him
I need to speak to the driver
who brought in tonight's shipment.
Yeah. Got you.
It's your product.
You're responsible for
what happened. No excuses.
Everyone will be reimbursed
for what they bought.
It's not just about
the money for this shipment.
You heard the fucking Mayor.
The police will make our lives hell
for what happened.
This is bad news for us too.
I don't care. It's your fuck up.
It's not a fuck up.
What would you call it?
An attack.
There was fentanyl in that
whole shipment. even packages
we hadn't even opened yet.
That cocaine was
deliberately spiked.
By who?
That's what I intend to find out.
And when you do...
I want them handed over to me.
Let's find them first. No.
I'm gonna make them pay...
and anyone who tries
to stop me too.
I need to take this.
Yeah...
I'm at the driver's place. Yeah?
The men I sent. they're all dead.
OK. Don't touch anything.
I'll be right over.
Alright. cool.
Over where? Nowhere.
It's just business.
If your child
had been killed tonight...
would you allow
yourself to be fobbed off with
a fucking bullshit excuse like that?
No.
Let's go then.
You were very quiet in there.
Those drugs
didn't come through my ports.
so this has nothing to do with me.
That's because you wouldn't
let us use your ports.
I don't do business
with police officers.
Neither should you.
Yo.
Yo. Make sure
the door's locked. yeah?
Let me know if you find anything.
- That's the guy that drove.
- The shipment? - Yeah. that's him.
You find his phone?
No. It's gone.
Must have been taken
when he was killed.
Here. Come. through here.
Look...
Who the fuck is that?
That's all we have of him here.
Run it forward.
Yo. yo. Stop there.
What the fuck?!
Run it back. Yeah?
Slowly. fuck's sake.
Stop.
On no. don't bother. Right.
Uh...
So. where are we with this?
At the moment we're managing
a crisis situation
and trying to get the message out
about the dangers of cocaine use-
OK. yes. I understand that. but...
What are we doing to catch the people
who are responsible for this?
This is the man we believe brought
this cocaine into the country.
His name is Elliot Carter.
He's an ex-undercover police
officer.
You are fucking joking?
Why isn't this guy locked up already?
Knowing who did it and proving it
are two different things.
OK. I want this guy
to be our number one target.
We find the evidence
and lock him the fuck up.
Listen. You two. do either
of you recognise this man?
I-I don't know. No. boss.
Look. take this photo
and spread the word.
I want him fucking found.
Go!
- Faz.
- Yo. You got the keys to the truck?
Yeah. Yeah.
After the driver got off the ferry.
he didn't come
straight to the factory.
He took a detour. and stopped here.
Stopped for 30 minutes.
Thirty minutes isn't long enough
to spike that much coke. man.
No.
But it is enough time
to swap the original shipment
with one already
laced with fentanyl.
So. what is this then?
That's what we're about to find out.
Luan. wait!
Hold on!
Jesus.
You boys is trespassing.
We just want a quiet word.
Not that quiet
if you're bringing guns.
What do youse want?
A truck stopped here earlier
tonight. wanted to ask why.
I don't know nothing about no truck.
- Do you see a truck?
- Nope.
Hm?
Must be mistaken. No mistake.
It was on the satnav.
Ah maybe you should speak
to the driver then. He is dead.
Well. that's unfortunate.
Do you think this is a fucking joke?
Test me. Come on.
Test me. Maybe...
we should just calm down.
No. You two should fuck off out of
here now while you still have time.
I have a picture of a man...
just want to see
if any of you recognise him.
You heard him. Go fuck yourself.
You fucking bastard!
Come on!
Get those fuckers!
Fuck...
Fuck!
Shit...
Cornelius Quinn.
that name mean anything to you?
Phone.
There's only one number.
Call it.
Cornelius.
Sean?
Did you fucking do this?
I asked you a fucking question!
Did you send that man
to poison those drugs. cos-
Sean Wallace.
You OK? Right as fucking rain.
We're still going ahead with this?
Oh. yeah.
Mrs Wallace... Mm-hm?
Ed Dumani is here.
He wants to see you.
I'd have thought you'd be
too busy cleaning up your mess
to make house calls
at this time of day.
Last night's spiking...
it wasn't Elliot.
It was Sean's doing.
And someone on the outside
helped him.
And I suppose you think
that someone was me?
No.
It was Cornelius.
Elliot saw him. Marian.
And the driver of
last night's shipment
stopped off at Cornelius's fun fair.
Your brother is back.
Just here. Thank you so much.
You look well.
You think you're safe in there?
You're not safe.
What no. "Hello Sean.
how are you doing mate?"
I'm gonna make you pay
for what you've done.
Listen. I'd love to sit and chat.
hear you talk shit. but I've got
a court appearance to get ready for.
Done!
Recognise him?
Should I? Yeah.
He helped you spike my drugs.
You're losing it mate.
The pressure's
getting to you. isn't it?
My wife and son...
were killed in a hit and run
seven years ago.
The driver vanished.
not a fucking trace.
Until he rocks up last night.
kills my driver.
and three of Faz's men.
That was your wife?
So you do know him?
Did you fucking hire him? No.
I recognise the face. that's all.
Heard the chatter.
He's a good bloke though.
You think this is a joke?
Hiring the hit and run driver
to spike those drugs?
It wasn't a hit and run.
Look. I heard...
he was paid
to crash into your wife.
It was a targeted kill.
That's the story on the street.
What you didn't know that?
You're fucking lying!
Yeah. Fucking lying!
Wait. what... What's his name?
Who-Who paid him to do that?
I've got to go. Elliot.
No. fucking sit...
Sean. wait! Wait! Wait.
Tell me his name.
You want me to tell you...
then beg. Beg me to tell you.
Or don't. OK.
OK.
I am begging you. Sean.
What's his name?
No. I-I mean properly beg.
Like you mean it.
Please.
Please. Sean. tell me his name.
Nah. I don't think so.
Tell me!
Goodbye. Elliot.
Sean. come back!
Sean! Sean. come back here you worm!
Hey. Calm down. Calm down.
Yeah. Yeah. Of course. Of course.
Sean!
Tell me or I'll fucking kill you!
That's it. Enough. Sean!
Enough.
Subtitles by Sky Access Services
www.skyaccessibility.sky
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm